Add `Jack House Cup 2024` wiki articles (#10811)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/JHC/JHC_2024/en.md

---
tags:
  - JHC
  - JHC24
  - JHC 24
  - JHC2024
  - JHC 2024
---

# JHC 2024

![JHC 2024 banner](img/JHC-2024-banner.jpg)

> The **JHC 2024** (***Jack House Cup 2024***) is a team–based osu!mania 4K tournament hosted by [Blue_Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13094831) and [\[GB\]GanyuAngel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308). It was the first instalment of the Jack House Cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **JHC 2024** (***Jack House Cup 2024***) is a team–based osu!mania 4K tournament hosted by ::{ flag=CN }:: [Blue_Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13094831) and ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]GanyuAngel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308). It was the first instalment of the Jack House Cup.
```

Author: added

| Streamer | ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[Crz\]Alleyne](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11279273), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]ChickenGold](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16586663), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]Rush_FTK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3046856), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]Tyris](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10497659), ::{ flag=CN }:: [cdwcgt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14721101), ::{ flag=CA }:: [walmart5193](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16468962) |
| Statistician & wiki editor | ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]ChickenGold](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16586663), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]GanyuAngel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308), ::{ flag=CN }:: [Blue_Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13094831), ::{ flag=CN }:: [cdwcgt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14721101), ::{ flag=CN }:: [YuEast 2018](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13953619) |

## Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1827578)

> - 直播间

Reviewer: e

did you forget to delete/translate this line by chance lol

Author: fixed

  - [Stream](https://live.bilibili.com/10100307) (::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]Tyris](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10497659))
- [Challonge bracket](https://challonge.com/ehi7s3y0)
- [QQ Group](https://qm.qq.com/cgi-bin/qm/qr?_wv=1027&k=pRNiqDnTUmLKQgy8iy2LnLx3uTYIL0dG)

> - [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/DqPuRU8Bhc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/DqPuRU8Bhc)
```

Author: fixed

- [Information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Qm2BfIc2LFbf59-2RBkqnOde95y2WgoyO_XRNSrvNa4/)

## Mappools

### Qualifiers

[Download the mappack here (27 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CRqEYk2C21Ju4C7_ijL8Ol-m9tF5JWVF/view?usp=sharing)

> 1. DS: [M2U \& Este - Obelisque (Ycloki) \[Stage 1: Objective\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2099900#mania/4405224)

Reviewer: not sure about your formatting here, as an outside reader i find these abbreviations to be confusing and un-intuitive tbh

Reviewer: would recommend something like this instead :

```suggestion
- Dense Chordjack
  1. [M2U \& Este - Obelisque (Ycloki) \[Stage 1: Objective\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2099900#mania/4405224)
- Middle Chordjack
  1. [Banshi - cHeefully (Dreamemory) \[Stage 2: Upcoming Spring\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118128#mania/4448638)
(and so on)
```

Author: changed

4. RM: [Zekk - Foresight (Blue_Potion) \[Stage 4: Beyond the Horizon\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118140#mania/4448669)
5. HV: [Taishi feat. IA - Diaphanser (ieFaH) \[Stage 5: Invisible Beauty\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118127#mania/4448637)
6. SP: [Hommarju - Crazy Jackpot (\[GB\]V1do) \[Stage 6: JACKpot\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118126#mania/4448636)

## Ruleset

### Tournament rules

1. The Jack House Cup 2024 is a team–based 1 versus 1 double-elimination team tournament, played on the osu!mania game mode (4K variant).
2. Beatmap scoring is based on ScoreV2.
3. The size for a team is 1 ~ 2 players.
4. The mappool for each round will be announced by the mappool selectors on the main stage, in 1 week before the matches take place.
5. The match schedules for each round will be announced by the tournament managers on this page, as well as the information sheet, in 1 week before the matches take place.
6. Use of the Visual Settings to alter background dim or disable beatmap elements like storyboards and skins is allowed.
   - Custom skin elements must not be used to alter core gameplay elements or mechanics in unintended ways.

> 7. If no player are present at match time, the match can be postponed for up to 10 minutes. If after this period there are still no player for either team, a *win by default* will be declared for the side with member present; if after this period there are still no player for both teams, a *win by default* will be declared for the red team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If no players are present at the match time, the match can be postponed for up to 10 minutes. If after this period there are still no players for either team, a *win by default* will be declared for the side with a member present; if after this period there are still no players for both teams, a *win by default* will be declared for the red team.
```

Author: fixed

   - Players must not have violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) within the last 12 months.
3. A list of all successfully registered players will be published after the registration.
4. [Tournament staff members](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#what-is-considered-staff) must not participate as players in the tournament.

### Qualifier instructions

1. In the Qualifier stage, all teams will play a specific pool designed by the mappool selectors.
2. The Qualifier pool contains 6 maps, all of which will use [Free Mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#freemod) rules. The types of each maps are:
   - DS | Dense Chordjack
   - MD | Middle Chordjack
   - LT | Light Chordjack
   - RM | Rhythm Jack
   - HV | Heavy Jack (Anchor Jack & Full Jack)
   - SP | Speed Jack (Quadstream & Minijack)
3. Players will play the mappool at least once (and up to twice) at a designated time. Their best combined score will be the final result.
4. The mappool will be played in the following order: DS, MD, LT, RM, HV, SP. Players may not ask to play the pool in any other order.
   - Teams may skip playing any beatmap on their second run.

> 5. Each team must have **only 1 member** play each map. They may be exchanged freely after a map is concluded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. For each map, each team must have **only 1 member** to play. They may be exchanged freely after a map is concluded.
```
修个语序

Author: 好了

---
tags:
  - JHC
  - JHC24
  - JHC 24
  - JHC2024
  - JHC 2024
---

# JHC 2024

![JHC 2024 banner](img/JHC-2024-banner.jpg)

> The **JHC 2024** (***Jack House Cup 2024***) is a team–based osu!mania 4K tournament hosted by ::{ flag=CN }:: [Blue_Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13094831) and ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]GanyuAngel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308). It was the first instalment of the Jack House Cup.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **JHC 2024** (***Jack House Cup 2024***) is a team–based osu!mania 4K tournament hosted by ::{ flag=CN }:: [Blue_Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13094831) and ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]GanyuAngel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308). It is the first instalment of the Jack House Cup.
```

| Streamer | ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[Crz\]Alleyne](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11279273), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]ChickenGold](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16586663), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]Rush_FTK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3046856), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]Tyris](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10497659), ::{ flag=CN }:: [cdwcgt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14721101), ::{ flag=CA }:: [walmart5193](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16468962) |
| Statistician & wiki editor | ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]ChickenGold](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16586663), ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]GanyuAngel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308), ::{ flag=CN }:: [Blue_Potion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13094831), ::{ flag=CN }:: [cdwcgt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14721101), ::{ flag=CN }:: [YuEast 2018](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13953619) |

## Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1827578)
- [Livestream](https://live.bilibili.com/10100307)
- [Challonge bracket](https://challonge.com/ehi7s3y0)

> - [QQ Group](https://qm.qq.com/cgi-bin/qm/qr?_wv=1027&k=pRNiqDnTUmLKQgy8iy2LnLx3uTYIL0dG)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [QQ group](https://qm.qq.com/cgi-bin/qm/qr?_wv=1027&k=pRNiqDnTUmLKQgy8iy2LnLx3uTYIL0dG)
```

- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/DqPuRU8Bhc)
- [Information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Qm2BfIc2LFbf59-2RBkqnOde95y2WgoyO_XRNSrvNa4/)

## Mappools

### Qualifiers

[Download the mappack here (27 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CRqEYk2C21Ju4C7_ijL8Ol-m9tF5JWVF/view?usp=sharing)

> - Dense Chordjack
> 
>   1. [M2U \& Este - Obelisque (Ycloki) \[Stage 1: Objective\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2099900#mania/4405224)
> 
> - Middle Chordjack
> 
>   1. [Banshi - cHeefully (Dreamemory) \[Stage 2: Upcoming Spring\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118128#mania/4448638)
> 
> - Light Chordjack
>   1. [F-777 - Sonic Blaster (Glorionoly) \[Stage 3: Sonication\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118150#mania/4448682)
> 
> - Rhythm Jack
> 
>   1. [Zekk - Foresight (Blue_Potion) \[Stage 4: Beyond the Horizon\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118140#mania/4448669)
> 
> - Heavy Jack
> 
>   1. [Taishi feat. IA - Diaphanser (ieFaH) \[Stage 5: Invisible Beauty\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118127#mania/4448637)
> 
> - Speed Jack
> 
>   1. [Hommarju - Crazy Jackpot (\[GB\]V1do) \[Stage 6: JACKpot\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118126#mania/4448636)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Dense Chordjack
  1. [M2U \& Este - Obelisque (Ycloki) \[Stage 1: Objective\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2099900#mania/4405224)
- Middle Chordjack
  1. [Banshi - cHeefully (Dreamemory) \[Stage 2: Upcoming Spring\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118128#mania/4448638)
- Light Chordjack
  1. [F-777 - Sonic Blaster (Glorionoly) \[Stage 3: Sonication\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118150#mania/4448682)
- Rhythm Jack
  1. [Zekk - Foresight (Blue_Potion) \[Stage 4: Beyond the Horizon\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118140#mania/4448669)
- Heavy Jack
  1. [Taishi feat. IA - Diaphanser (ieFaH) \[Stage 5: Invisible Beauty\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118127#mania/4448637)
- Speed Jack
  1. [Hommarju - Crazy Jackpot (\[GB\]V1do) \[Stage 6: JACKpot\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2118126#mania/4448636)
```

## Ruleset

### Tournament rules

1. The Jack House Cup 2024 is a team–based 1 versus 1 double-elimination team tournament, played on the osu!mania game mode (4K variant).
2. Beatmap scoring is based on ScoreV2.

> 3. The size for a team is 1 ~ 2 players.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. The size for a team is 1–2 players.
```

4. The mappool for each round will be announced by the mappool selectors on the main stage, in 1 week before the matches take place.
5. The match schedules for each round will be announced by the tournament managers on this page, as well as the information sheet, in 1 week before the matches take place.
6. Use of the Visual Settings to alter background dim or disable beatmap elements like storyboards and skins is allowed.
   - Custom skin elements must not be used to alter core gameplay elements or mechanics in unintended ways.
7. If no players are present at the match time, the match can be postponed for up to 10 minutes. If after this period there are still no players for either team, a *win by default* will be declared for the side with a member present; if after this period there are still no players for both teams, a *win by default* will be declared for the red team.
   - The minimum amount of required players is the amount of players needed to play a beatmap without any vacant spots in the lobby (i.e. at least 1 participant from each team must be present for the match to begin).

> 8. No warm up stage in the match.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
8. There is no warm-up stage in the match.
```

    - Colluding with other players or teams to force a desired matchup.
    - Deliberately playing poorly to lose a game or match.
    - Forfeiting bracket matches without providing an adequate reasoning, or with the intention of getting a more favourable matchup.
15. All players and staff must be treated with respect. Instructions from the referees and the tournament managers are to be followed. Decisions labelled as final are not to be objected.
16. The multiplayer chatrooms underlie the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules). All chat rules apply to the multiplayer chatrooms where the matches will take place.
    - Breaking the chat rules may result in a silence. Silenced players cannot participate in multiplayer matches and must be exchanged for the duration of the punishment.
17. Penalties for violating the tournament rules include, but are not limited to:
    - Exclusion of specific players for one beatmap.
    - Exclusion of specific players for an entire match.
    - Declaring the match as forfeited, or as a win by default for the other team.
    - Disqualification from the entire tournament.

>     - Disqualification from the current and future official tournaments, until appealed.

Reviewer 3: i assume this is what you mean (and that this is copy-pasted from a world cup ruleset)

```suggestion
    - Disqualification from the current and future Jack House Cup tournaments, until appealed.
```

> 18. Referees may allow, at their discretion, lower or higher tolerances for `timers`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
18. Referees may allow, at their discretion, lower or higher tolerances for timers.
```

19. The tournament managers may request liveplays or recordings of individual players or teams at any point in the tournament without prior warning.

> 20. Any tournament-related complaints shall be sent to osu! official report form.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
20. Any tournament-related complaints shall be sent to the [osu! tournament report form](https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports).
```

21. The tournament managers reserve the right to modify these rules at any moment. Any such changes will be announced in advance.

### Tournament registration

> 1. Please fill [Google Form](https://forms.gle/guwZqn8513SuFAYe8) or [Tencent Form](https://docs.qq.com/form/page/DUFlBd2NzYXVqTGxO) to register.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Please fill this [Google Form](https://forms.gle/guwZqn8513SuFAYe8) or this [Tencent Form](https://docs.qq.com/form/page/DUFlBd2NzYXVqTGxO) to register.
```

>    - Player **must** join this [Discord server](https://discord.gg/DqPuRU8Bhc) or this [QQ Group](https://qm.qq.com/cgi-bin/qm/qr?_wv=1027&k=pRNiqDnTUmLKQgy8iy2LnLx3uTYIL0dG) after register.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - Player **must** join this [Discord server](https://discord.gg/DqPuRU8Bhc) or this [QQ Group](https://qm.qq.com/cgi-bin/qm/qr?_wv=1027&k=pRNiqDnTUmLKQgy8iy2LnLx3uTYIL0dG) after registering.
```

> 2. To ensure valid registrations, every participant will be sent to the [tournament screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. To ensure valid registrations, a list of every participant will be sent for [tournament screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening).
```

   - Players must not have violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) within the last 12 months.

> 3. A list of all successfully registered players will be published after the registration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. A list of all successfully registered players will be published after registration.
```

4. [Tournament staff members](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#staff) must not participate as players in the tournament.

### Qualifier instructions

1. In the Qualifier stage, all teams will play a specific pool designed by the mappool selectors.

> 2. The Qualifier pool contains 6 maps, all of which will use [Free Mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#freemod) rules. The types of each maps are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. The Qualifier pool contains 6 maps, all of which will use [Free Mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#freemod) rules. The map types are:
```

>    - DS | Dense Chordjack
>    - MD | Middle Chordjack
>    - LT | Light Chordjack
>    - RM | Rhythm Jack
>    - HV | Heavy Jack (Anchor Jack & Full Jack)
>    - SP | Speed Jack (Quadstream & Minijack)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - DS: Dense Chordjack
   - MD: Middle Chordjack
   - LT: Light Chordjack
   - RM: Rhythm Jack
   - HV: Heavy Jack (Anchor Jack & Full Jack)
   - SP: Speed Jack (Quadstream & Minijack)
```

3. Players will play the mappool at least once (and up to twice) at a designated time. Their best combined score will be the final result.
4. The mappool will be played in the following order: DS, MD, LT, RM, HV, SP. Players may not ask to play the pool in any other order.
   - Teams may skip playing any beatmap on their second run.
5. For each map, each team must have **only 1 member** to play. They may be exchanged freely after a map is concluded.

> 6. An optional 5-minute break will be offered between the first and second playthrough of the mappool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. An optional 5-minute break will be offered between the first and second playthroughs of the mappool.
```

7. All teams will play their qualifiers in separate rooms.
   - It is *suggested* that teams do not broadcast or share their results publicly to avoid seed manipulation.

> 8. The top 32 seeded teams will advance to the Round of 32, and \#33 ~ \#48 seeded teams will advance to the Loser Round 1.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
8. The top 32 seeded teams will advance to the Round of 32, and the teams seeded #33 – #48 will advance to the Loser Round 1.
```

> 8. The top 32 seeded teams will advance to the Round of 32, and \#33 ~ \#48 seeded teams will advance to the Loser Round 1.

Reviewer 3: what is "Loser Round 1"? there is no mention of it in the schedule nor anywhere else

### Win conditions

- In the Qualifiers, teams need to place in the top 48 seeded teams in order to advance to the double-elimination stage.
- In the Round of 32 and Round of 16, teams need to win 5 maps to win a match (best of 9).
- In the Quarterfinals, Semifinals and Finals, teams need to win 6 maps to win a match (best of 11).
- In the Grand Finals, teams need to win 7 maps to win the match (best of 13).

### Match instructions

1. A referee will create a multiplayer room 15 minutes before the scheduled match time. Teams must join the lobby in that period.
   - The room settings are `Game mode: "osu!mania"`, `Team mode: "Team Vs"` and `Score mode: "ScoreV2"`. The room name must follow the pattern of `JHC2024: ({Red Team}) VS ({Blue Team})`. The team mentioned first in the room name must be the red team, the team mentioned second in the room name must be the blue team.

>    - If the team name is so long or has illegal characters that the room can't be created, it may be considered to shorten or change the team name.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - If the team name is too long or contains illegal characters such that the room cannot be created, it may be considered to shorten or change the team name.
```

> 2. Each captain must use `!roll` once in `#multiplayer`. After the rolls are set, the winner could choose to pick first or ban first of the match. The other choose will be used by loser team.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Each captain must use `!roll` once in `#multiplayer`. After the rolls are set, the winner may choose to pick first or ban first in the match. The other choice will be used by roll loser.
```

> 3. Each team can ban **one beatmap** from the pool. These beatmaps can not be picked by any team for the entire duration of the match.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Each team can ban **one beatmap** from the pool. These beatmaps cannot be picked by any team for the entire duration of the match.
```

4. Both captains will alternate picking a beatmap from the mappool.
5. Teams will be allowed 2 minutes to pick a beatmap and 2 minutes to press the `Ready` button on their client. If a team takes more time than allowed, the procedures adopted will be as follows:
   - For the first occurrence:
     - The team will receive a verbal warning from the referee.
   - On subsequent occurrences:
     - For map bans, the team forfeits the ban.
     - For map picks, a random map will be chosen from the mappool using `!roll X`, where X is the number of maps that were neither picked nor banned, excluding the tiebreaker.
     - For a ready timer, the referee will issue the `!mp start 10` command, regardless of how many players from each team are present in the lobby, using `!mp kick` on any extra players for each team, starting from the top (i.e. the first valid player combination for each team will be forced to play the pick). The results for such games are to be taken as is.

>      - Repeat offenders may receive further sanctions from the staffs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Repeat offenders may receive further sanctions from staff.
```

> 6. Each team will receive one "tactical timeout" of 2 minutes, to be used as extra time to ban, protect, pick, or ready for a beatmap. *The tactical timeout is optional.*

Reviewer 3: does this tournament have protects? if not, remove mention of it here

   - The tactical timeout may be called on a tiebreaker, provided that both teams agree to it.

### Mappool instructions

1. Every stage will have its own mappool.

> 2. Each mappool consists of a fixed amount of maps each stage, all of which will be played under [Free Mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#freemod) conditions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Each mappool consists of a fixed amount of maps for each stage, all of which will be played under [Free Mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#freemod) conditions.
```

3. The mappool sizes are as follows:
   - Qualifiers: 6 beatmaps
   - Round of 32 and Round of 16: 12 beatmaps
   - Quarterfinals, Semifinals and Finals: 14 beatmaps
   - Grand Finals: 15 beatmaps
4. Each mappool has one tiebreaker, except for the Qualifiers.

> 5. Possible mod choices for the FreeMod bracket are `NoFail`, `Hidden`, `Fade In`, `Flashlight`, and `Mirror`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Possible mod choices for the Free Mod bracket are `No Fail`, `Hidden`, `Fade In`, `Flashlight`, and `Mirror`.
```

6. The tiebreaker will be played under Free Mod conditions.

### Scheduling information

1. Each stage will be held on **a single weekend**.
2. Matches in the Qualifiers will be held during specific time slots proposed by the tournament managers. Each team may choose a time slot in which they want to play.
   - **Teams that do not pick a time slot will be disqualified from the competition.**
3. All bracket stages will be held between Saturday 00:00 and Sunday 23:59 (UTC+8) except some special cases.
4. Match scheduling will be handled by the tournament managers. Schedules will be released on the Sunday before the first matches of the stage. The tournament managers will try to create the schedule to respect the participants' time zones.
   - In the Quarterfinals and subsequent stages, team captains may inform tournament managers if they expect a specific time slot to be unavailable in the following week.
5. **Reschedules will only be considered if both teams agree to a time and communicate it to the tournament managers, 1 day before the match begins.**

>    - Matches may not be scheduled to any time beyond **Sunday, 23:00 (UTC+8)** of the week they are to be played at, unless it's unavoidable and both sides and the tournament managers agree.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - Matches may not be scheduled to any time beyond **Sunday, 23:00 (UTC+8)** of the week they are to be played at, unless it is unavoidable and both sides and the tournament managers agree.
```

>    - **Do not ask for a reschedule unless it is absolutely necessary. The tournament managers reserve the right to deny any rescheduling request.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - **Do not ask for a reschedule unless it is absolutely necessary. The tournament managers reserve the right to deny any reschedule request.**
```
